README.md, before:

# React-Portfolio
Initial scaffolding of portfolio sites

## Description
This project's aim is to create a portfolio to showcase work completed.

## Table of Contents
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)

## Usage
The navigation bar at the top of the page takes you to the three pages: home, project gallery and contact.

Home page:
![screenshot of homepage](/src/data/images/ScreenshotHome.PNG)

Project gallery:
![screenshot of project gallery](/src/data/images/ScreenshotProject.PNG)

Contact:
![screenshot of project gallery](src/data/images/ScreenshotContact.PNG)

## Credits

This README was created by following the Good-README-Guide on git.bootcampcontent:

https://git.bootcampcontent.com/uk-edx-16-week/UK-VIRT-FE-PT-10-2023-U-LOLC/-/blob/main/01-html-git-github-module/04-code-refactor-lesson/challenge/Good-README-Guide.md

Stock photos obtained from https://unsplash.com/.

## License
This application is covered under the MIT License.

## Badges
![MIT License License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-brightgreen.svg)

Commit message:

added form info to readme

README.md, after:

# React-Portfolio
Initial scaffolding of portfolio sites

## Description
This project's aim is to create a portfolio to showcase work completed.

## Table of Contents
- [Usage](#usage)
- [Credits](#credits)
- [License](#license)
- [Badges](#badges)

## Usage
The application can be accessed through: https://jsskilton.github.io/React-Portfolio/

The navigation bar at the top of the page takes you to the three pages: home, project gallery and contact.

Home page:
![screenshot of homepage](/src/data/images/ScreenshotHome.PNG)

Project gallery:
![screenshot of project gallery](/src/data/images/ScreenshotProject.PNG)

Contact:
![screenshot of project gallery](src/data/images/ScreenshotContact.PNG)

Within the contact page there is a form to handle message - this currently gets console logged:
![screenshot of project gallery](src/data/images/ScreenshotForm.PNG)

## Credits

This README was created by following the Good-README-Guide on git.bootcampcontent:

https://git.bootcampcontent.com/uk-edx-16-week/UK-VIRT-FE-PT-10-2023-U-LOLC/-/blob/main/01-html-git-github-module/04-code-refactor-lesson/challenge/Good-README-Guide.md

Stock photos obtained from https://unsplash.com/.

## License
This application is covered under the MIT License.

## Badges
![MIT License License](https://img.shields.io/badge/license-MIT%20License-brightgreen.svg)
